OK,
guys,
Now we know how to look up backwards.
Let's put that into practice.
Now.
What have done in our H R file is I've dropped a car registration number into the end
column here,
and this is what we're gonna be looking up from.
So we're going to find a car registration number and we're gonna tab across and we're gonna
have a look at the full name to see who actually owns that particular car.
Okay,
so let's do it.
That's add a new sheet by clicking plus on Contract that over there.
And I'm gonna call this rename.
Come range.
Look up.
Although technically it isn't actually look up.
So what,
we're gonna dio let's say there were gonna answer a car registration number on Dhere is
where we're gonna have our formula.
So what we're going to do firstly,
so we know that we're looking up something that actually exists.
I'm just going to copy the value from here on pasted in here.
It's just changed that tl again.
And that's gonna be the car registration that we're looking up.
So now we know what we're looking up.
Let's set,
Let's have a go.
That index and match,
so we're gonna type equals index open brackets.
Now,
the array is the full data set.
Remember?
That's the full data set.
So what we're gonna do,
we could start over here or we could start here because this is a sfar across as we
actually want to read.
So for now,
what I'm gonna do is I'm just going to highlight the whole of column D.
I think on the whole of column I Andi,
that means that no matter even if we have add new data to the bottom of this,
it will still keep readings.
Is looking at the whole of column D on the whole of column I that entire data set is there
.
Array.
So now we have 123456 columns of data in our data array.
Okay,
so there's our full data set.
Come on.
Now,
what we want to do is find a match open rackets and have a look at value is going to be
this here on.
That's our car registration.
Okay,
so now we're gonna hit comma,
and we're going to tell it where to look for that particular value.
So we're gonna flip back here on.
We're going to click Column,
I because the car registration appears in column I So I'm gonna make comma.
Now I want an exact match,
some a type zero that I'm gonna close enough on.
That's the row number of our formula sorted out comma and that we want to return the column
number.
So this is six.
This is five.
This is for this is three.
This is two,
and this will be one.
So one close brackets and enter.
So they go.
Now we can see that Comma Phillips drives car registration que o or u Q 065 space J W I.
So it's just stir cheat and copy another one here.
So I'm just gonna copy that.
Come back to our car rage,
look up and paste it over.
There you go.
We can see that Toby Richardson drives y g 53 if we have a look Toby Richardson.
Obviously,
we've looked back to the first column,
but we could just as easily look back to the second columns of Pull the national insurance
number.
So here to modify our formula instead of looking at column one,
we could just say,
Let's have a look at column to on that would know pull the national insurance number.
So nice and simple.
I shall pretty that up before you download the file.
So at least you can see what this particular data based us on.
I'll see you in the next lecture.